Add zstd compression content to performance tuning doc (#4760)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/performance.md

{ "doc" : {"user" : "example"} }
```
{% include copy.html %}

## Compression codecs

> Starting with OpenSearch 2.9, new codecs for compression are made available: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the range [1,6]. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows zstd providing 7% better writes throughput, and zstd_no_dict providing 14% better throughput, along with 30% improvements in storage over current `default` codec. You can find more details about compression on [Indexing codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch 2.9 and later, there are two new codecs for compression: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the [1, 6] range. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows that `zstd` provides a 7% better write throughput and `zstd_no_dict` provides a 14% better throughput, along with 30% improvements in storage over the `default` codec. For more information about compression, see [Index codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs).
```

> Starting with OpenSearch 2.9, new codecs for compression are made available: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the range [1,6]. These provide improved indexing performance at the expense of a slightly larger index size. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows zstd providing 7% better writes throughput, and zstd_no_dict providing 14% better throughput. You can find more details about compression on [Indexing codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs).

Reviewer 2: ```These provide improved indexing performance at the expense of a slightly larger index size.```
this is slightly incorrect, we can remove this line.

shows ```zstd``` providing 7% better writes throughput, and ```zstd_no_dict``` providing 14% better throughput alongside over 30% improvements in storage over current ```default``` codec.

you can say something like this, feel free to rephrase

Author: I can edit it. However, the https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/index-codecs/ does mention the storage tradeoff.

Reviewer 2: the storage trade off mentioned is between ```zstd``` and ```zstd_no_dict```. The indices created with ```zstd_no_dict``` will have slightly larger indices than those created with ```zstd```
In your previous revision, it seemed like there is a trade off with respect to current lz4 (default codec)

Reviewer 2: This LGTM now! Thanks @akashsha1

## Compression codecs

> In OpenSearch 2.9 and later, there are two new codecs for compression: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the [1, 6] range. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows that `zstd` provides a 7% better write throughput and `zstd_no_dict` provides a 14% better throughput, along with 30% improvements in storage over the `default` codec. For more information about compression, see [Index codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch 2.9 and later, there are two new codecs for compression: `zstd` and `zstd_no_dict`. You can optionally specify a compression level for these in the `index.codec.compression_level` setting with values in the [1, 6] range. [Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/#benchmarking) data shows that `zstd` provides a 7% better write throughput and `zstd_no_dict` provides a 14% better throughput, along with 30% improvements in storage over the `default` codec. For more information about compression, see [Index codecs]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-codecs/).
```
